# Symmetric Random Quantum Circuit Simulator

Classical Simulation of Symmetric Random Quantum Circuits, using Gottesman-Knill theorem.

This code is used to carry out the simulations in "Measurement-induced topological entanglement transitions in symmetric random quantum circuits" paper, availabe at https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.07243. In case you use this code in another project, please aknowledge the funding sources mentioned in the paper, and cite the work accordidngly.

The code was run under Julia 1.4, on the Deepthought2 HPC cluster at the University of Maryland, which runs Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server release 6.10 (Santiago) and uses Slurm Workload Manager. However it is straight forward to modify the code to ue it with other clauster job schedulers (see https://github.com/JuliaParallel/ClusterManagers.jl) or to run it on a personal computer (just use addprocs(#cpu_cores)). Feel free  to contact the corresponding author if you have any questions regarding the code. Minimal comments are included in the code file. 

The code directory contains two code files which are almost the same. The difference is in the way the ancilla qubits are entangled to the system. The code in Sa/ entangles the ancilla by measuring appropriate stabilizers, while the code in tildeS_a/ entangles 10 ancilla qubits by appying non-symmetric random non-local Clifford unitaries to the collection of the system and ancilla qubits.

The data folder contains the numerical results, generated by the code, which was used to generate the plots in the article as well as the plots in the accompanying supplementery material.

Added on August 2020
